# Meeting on April 30, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### Michi
- On leave ❤️

### David
- Working on solving an allocator issue which is blocking the CI for being green atm.
- To work on how the ABI is declare and tackling proc macros next.

### Alejandro
- Payments for use.ink revamp completed: https://app.mimir.global/transactions/79224182?network=assethub-polkadot&address=122izuBjb4jxdQcwbQZLCHSMDLZLzWZS2grTME5ihpDm7Shm
- Payments for work in Q1 2025 completed: https://app.mimir.global/transactions/79225314?network=assethub-polkadot&address=122izuBjb4jxdQcwbQZLCHSMDLZLzWZS2grTME5ihpDm7Shm

## Agenda
- Individual Updates

## Action Items from last Meeting
- ✅ Ale: push to finalize payments for ink! website.
- ✅ Ale: finalize payments for Q1 2025 ink! alliance.
- ✅ Gather some reasoning around pallet-revive's get_storage API being fixed to 32 byte long keys.
 Alejandro to update ink-examples: Papi maintainers submitted a PR exposing the api again - https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/8274

## Action Items
- Ale: update ink-alliance board and publish.

## Notes
- Femi open to help with documentation 
