# Meeting on June 5, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### Alex
- Support to devs at polkadot hub hackathon.
- Contracts can not be deployed on asset hub at the moment.
- Frontends are hard to build on top of ink!
- Waiting for PJS updates to then finish Contracts UI (PJS release planned next tuesday)

## Agenda
- Individual Updates
- inkv6
- Hub: evm strategy, precompiles
- Sol ABI: contract size, direction
- Contract Verification
- Hackathons: inkubator
- RFPs
- Admin: salary payment, communication Parity

## Action Items from last Meeting
- ✅ Ale: update ink-alliance board and publish.
- ✅ Alex: retake Contracts UI to support ink! v6: https://github.com/use-ink/contracts-ui/pull/569

## Action Items
- CI: add columns for comparisons in terms of contract size with solidity contracts.
- CI: compilation time
  - not needed for inkv6 release
- Make PR to example contracts to add sol and see the results.
- Reach out to Alex regarding Hub, precompiles, xcm
  - Also say that etherscan will have to use cargo contract.
- Salary payment
- Treasury strategy (JAM incoming)
- See if we can remove revive dependencies from the ink crate
- Improvements to drink: RFP

## Notes
- How can we decrease the compilation time of contracts?
  - David had some interesting ideas around preventing recompilation of contracts in e2e tests.
- Potential launch Kusama: Aug, Polkadot remains September
