# Meeting on Mar 6, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before meeting.

### Michi
- Still working heavily on getting to our alpha release. Last days were exclusively spent debugging and fixing issues caused by third parties (rustc, rustup, GitHub runners no space left on device, …).
- I've upgraded `cargo-contract` to `polkadot-sdk` from Feb 28. Still todos left and a lot of things that should be made prettier. But the tests run and it can be used.
- `substrate-contracts-node` is also synced with `polkadot-sdk` from Feb 28.
- `docker-images` is synced as well. The `eth-rpc` and `revive` in there are also up to date.
- Parity merged a first pre-compile that replaces the `ecdsa_recover` host function ([#7652](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/7652)). I implemented it on the ink! side in [#2414](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2414). The API for ink! users stays the same, we just under the hood map to a pre-compile call.
- Parity changed how `H160` contract addresses are derived from an `AccountId`. I implemented it in `cargo-contract` and ink!.
- I'm having issues working around https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/issues/7789. It gets extremely ugly, as we have to add `[patch]` sections to a number of crates + a direct dependency on `sp-runtime-interface` to enable the feature `disable_target_static_asserts`. I had this working, but this setup breaks regularly. So for now I changed all `polkadot-sdk` dependencies in `ink` to the [`polkadot-sdk/cmichi-disable-asserts`](https://github.com/use-ink/polkadot-sdk/tree/cmichi-disable-asserts) fork.
- Immediate ToDos for me:
  - `cargo-contract`: Write changelog. Talk to Alex Bean about how to adapt `pop-cli`.
  - Wrap up my `ink` PR, there's still some tests failing due to linker errors and other strange stuff.
  - Merge David's, Peter's, and my PRs into `ink`.

### Peter
- Have a few open PRs allowing ink! <> Solidity interactions. These right now just need reviews. David has other PRs that will will round out this functionality.
- I will begin work on making the contracts-ui compatible with ink! v6. It will require a decision between updating Polkadot.js to include the Revive API, or updating the contracts-ui to work with PAPI.
- Confirmed that RLP Encoding is not necessary for ink! to have as the RLP encoding and decoding happens in the RPC layer.

### David
- I have an open [PR](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2411) for Solidity ABI compatible selectors and more robust call args decoding, it also includes a few todos for stuff I don't consider robust enough for final release.
- Related to above, I have a proposal draft shared in Element (for discussion) for "Introduce ink! specific trait(s) that encapsulate the requirements for a Rust type to be Solidity ABI compatible as well as a complementary Derive macro". This should solve the todos from previous item.
- I have a TODO for adding missing Solidity primitives (e.g. `address`, `U256`, `bytes` e.t.c) as semantically equivalent ink! primitives. This is also related to the above mentioned proposal.

### Your Name

## Agenda
- Daan: Deprecate Telegram channel in favor of Element, everybody fine with it?
- Daan + Michi: Just for information, the grant to redo the website was decided on, two people are redoing it now. Target date: end of March.
- Michi: Looking for a team to build an Ethernaut analog for ink! (ink!ubator 2.0). Anyone have ideas?
- Michi: We should add a feature flag `unstable` to the `ink` crate and all host functions that are marked as unstable in `pallet-revive`. This will give us an idea which parts of ink! can be used on Kusama. I expect nearly all examples to support `unstable`.
- Michi: Plan for Day X.

## Action Items from last Meeting
- Daan to prepare ink! tutorial ideas. -> https://github.com/use-ink/ink-alliance/pull/36
- ✅ Michi to talk to AZ about ink! devhub funds. -> https://forum.polkadot.network/t/the-ink-hub-initiative-update/11967
- ✅ Ale to talk to Astar and Phala about ink! devhub funds too. -> https://forum.polkadot.network/t/the-ink-hub-initiative-update/11967
- Peter to move focus into ink! contracts being able to call non scale encoded contracts.
- Peter to verify if RLP is needed for external transactions (coming from, for example, a wallet).

## Action Items

- Femi: to take care of merging PR#36, to sync with Daan.
- Ale: to update ink!hub status.
- Ale and Michi: to manage the ownership of drink! crate.
- David to complete https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2411.
- David: Alpha release needs a table mapping ink! types -> Solidity types.
- David and Michi: to look into integrating `disable_target_static_asserts` feature if possible.
- Peter or Michi: to update element room settings -> TG channel to be removed in favor of element.
- Peter: to give prio to unstable ink! feature over contracts UI.

## Notes
- ink! should have a unstable feature to be able to use unstable host fn from pallet_revive.
- OZ proposal https://polkadot.subsquare.io/referenda/1465 seems to be scoped out by Parity. Concerns about the possibility of including a scope for ink!
