# Meeting on August 20, 2025

## Updates
Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### Alejandro
- Present a proposal to release ink! and related tooling. Looking for feedback!

### Michi
- Mostly worked on pre-compiles in `pallet-revive` (https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/9517, https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/9455, https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/9454, https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/9441).
- Also working on implementing these pre-compiles in ink!, in a way that the current `self.env().` API continues to work, despite it being pre-compiles.
- Got wip PRs in `ink` and `cargo-contract` to update to recent `polkadot-sdk`.
- Updated `ink-node` to recent `polkadot-sdk`.
- Issued releases of 6.0.0-alpha.1 for `ink` + `cargo-contract`.

## Agenda
- We need a stable ink!
- Support has the highest priority
- ~~inkubator grants~~ (Michi: should not be discussed here, but in the ink!ubator call/channel instead, where the other curators are there too)
- We need to send a message out to the ink builders about what they can expect the upcoming weeks and apologies for the recent devex
- Michi: Who can take care of finding/creating three equivalent contracts in ink! + Solidity, as base-line for the benches?
- Michi: List for Oak Security

## Action Items

## Action Items from last Meetings
- Appoint someone to go to the first upcoming Polkadot hackathon:
  - EthSofia: 24-25th September
- Ale has a plan for ink! release
- Everyone should think about what their target hours for the next quarter are. 
- We decided to swap the ink! Dev Hub funds for stables. Likely via Nova.
- Michi checks how big the contract sizes of revive are

## Action Items

## Notes
