# Meeting on Feb 19, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before meeting.

### Ale
- Payout for 2024 activity is ready to be signed.
- - Call can be found at: https://app.mimir.global/transactions/62879043?network=assethub-polkadot&address=122izuBjb4jxdQcwbQZLCHSMDLZLzWZS2grTME5ihpDm7Shm

### Daniel
- Kreivo looking into releasing `pallet-revive` soon!

### Michi
- Very close to finish upgrading CI + `ink` + `cargo-contract` to `polkadot-sdk`/`pallet-revive` from Feb 18.
- Michi goes over the latest breaking changes in pallet-revive and code that has removed from the codebase that was before there for ink!.

### Peter
- Working on Solidity E2E: Changing codebase to use Solidity ABI encoding.
- - David helping in parallel with his current work.
- - Right now single parameter works. Non basic types break at the moment.

## Agenda
- Action Items from last Meeting
  - Plan for Polkadot JS and Contracts UI -> To be revisited once Solidity ABI encoding is closer to be finished.
  - Place for tutorial ideas -> Daan will make a PR
  - Ask Parity if they will introduce breaking changes for the Kusama launch of revive -> Michi
  - Talk to AZ of transfer funds -> Michi
  - Talk to Seun about contacting Phala & Astar to transfer funds -> Ale

## Action Items

- Daan to prepare ink! tutorial ideas.
- Michi to talk to AZ about ink! devhub funds.
- Ale to talk to Astar and Phala about ink! devhub funds too.
- Peter to move focus into ink! contracts being able to call non scale encoded contracts.
- Peter to verify if RLP is needed for external transactions (coming from, for example, a wallet).

## Notes

- Contracts UI work allocation to be revisited after Solidity ABI is closer to be completed.
- External tooling could start integrating with ink!v6 once an alpha release is ready.
- Certain ink! functionality is currently blocked by Parity's contracts team to introduce precompiles.
- - An unstable feature flag needs to be introduced into ink! to be able to work with the revive unstable features.
