# Meeting on May 14, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### Michi
- On leave ❤️

### Alex
- Deployment of certain contracts on Westend Asset Hub is blocked due to the `unstable-hostfn` feature: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/issues/2505
- In ongoing discussions with UI tooling teams (PAPI, Dedot and ink!athon) to support ink! v6: https://github.com/use-ink/ink-alliance/issues/58

### David


## Agenda
- Individual Updates

## Action Items from last Meeting
- ✅ Ale: update ink-alliance board and publish.

## Action Items
- Alex: retake Contracts UI to support ink! v6: https://github.com/use-ink/contracts-ui/pull/569

## Notes
- Daniel introduced `wink!` as a potential way to make `ink!` relevant for writing programs and services for JAM. If the ink! alliance is interested, Virto is open to exploring this direction. So far, the feedback has been positive.
- Pablo is working on a project using ink! v5 contracts and is preparing to start experimenting with ink! v6.
