# Meeting on August 20, 2025

## Updates
Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### Alejandro
- Present a proposal to release ink! and related tooling. Looking for feedback!

## Agenda
- We need a stable ink!
- Support has the highest priority
- inkubator grants
- We need to send a message out to the ink builders about what they can expect the upcoming weeks and apologies for the recent devex

## Action Items

## Action Items from last Meetings
- Appoint someone to go to the first upcoming Polkadot hackathon:
  - EthSofia: 24-25th September
- Ale has a plan for ink! release
- Everyone should think about what their target hours for the next quarter are. 
- We decided to swap the ink! Dev Hub funds for stables. Likely via Nova.
- Michi checks how big the contract sizes of revive are

## Action Items

## Notes
