# Meeting on Feb 19, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before meeting.

### Michi
- Very close to finish upgrading CI + `ink` + `cargo-contract` to `polkadot-sdk`/`pallet-revive` from Feb 18.

## Agenda
- Action Items from last Meeting
  - Plan for Polkadot JS and Contracts UI -> ____
  - Place for tutorial ideas -> Daan will make a PR
  - Ask Parity if they will introduce breaking changes for the Kusama launch of revive -> Michi
  - Talk to AZ of transfer funds -> Michi
  - Talk to Seun about contacting Phala & Astar to transfer funds -> Ale

## Action Items
  
## Notes
