# Meeting on April 2, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before meeting.

### Michi
- Working on tying everything together, ink!, `cargo-contract`, `ink-docs`, new website.
- I've updated our `ink-docs` to v6.
- CI is super shaky, we have multiple Rust toolchains in there because different parts of the CI test suite run into `rustc` bugs. 

### David
- Landed ["Abstractions for mapping arbitrary Rust types to Solidity ABI compatible types"](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2441)
- Mostly focusing on related follow ups (see "Related/future work" in [PR](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2441))

### Your Name
- …

## Agenda
- Michi: Website update
- Michi: ink! v6 audit
- Michi: I've created [an example contract](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/blob/master/integration-tests/public/debugging-strategies/lib.rs) to illustrate debugging strategies.
- Ale: preparing Q1 2025 payments.
- ink! v6.0 alpha release
- David: Discuss ABI declaration.

## Action Items from last Meeting

- Peter and Daan plan the further steps for our "how to build a frontend for an ink! contract" story.
- ✅ Michi creates + publishes `ink-node` from `use-ink/substrate-contracts-node`.
- Ale: to update ink!hub status.: Still waiting for AZ action.

## Action Items
- …

## Notes
