# Meeting on August 6, 2025

## Updates
Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### David
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2549 "Provide a `Derive` macro for implementing `SolEncode` and `SolDecode` for arbitrary types"
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2552 "Improve handling of Solidity constructor return and revert data"
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2545 "Implement `SolEncode` and `SolDecode` for `Option<T>`"
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2569 "Refactor Solidity bytes wrapper(s)"
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/ink-docs/pull/464 "Update docs related to Solidity (and in general multiple) ABI support"
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/cargo-contract/pull/2089 "ABI specific target directories for intermediate build artifacts"
- In Review: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2577 "ABI-agnostic item name/identifier overrides for overloading, selector computation and metadata"
- Draft: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2580 "Emit Solidity ABI encoded events"
- FYI: Debugging branch created at https://github.com/use-ink/cargo-contract/tree/debugging
  - Mostly for support ink! step debugger team from ink!ubator
  - As shared on Element, we'll look to merge (and expose) in master once approach is mature

### Michi
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/cargo-contract/pull/2087 "Fix failing instantiate decode + type comparison"
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/cargo-contract/pull/2086 "Hotfix `tokio/net`"
- Merged https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2557, https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2559, https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2561 "ink! CI fixes"
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2570 "Allow writing E2E fuzz tests for contracts"
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2558 "Upgrade dylint to 4.1.0"
- Working on:
  - Enabling our custom ink! linting again in `cargo-contract`
  - Host functions (hashing + stabilizing some + implementing new ones)
  - System pre-compile in `polkadot-sdk`
- Calls with Parity Smart Contracts and Oak Security (summary in Element)

## Agenda
- Overflow Safety
- Public APIs for ink! v6
- Rust 2024 edition (status?)
- Trait definition limitations and impact

## Action Items from last Meetings
- We need a list of priorities to focus on with the team with the remaining budget.
- Appoint someone to lead the creation of the treasury proposal
- Appoint someone to go to the first upcoming Polkadot hackathon:
  - EthSofia: 24-25th September
  - EthRome: 17-19th October
  - Sub0/decoded: 13,14,15 November
- Ale has a plan for ink! release
- Ale creates a new call to get the left over funds of ink!devhub
- Daan writes a strategy document
- We need to know everyone's availability for the upcoming quarter
- Increase the cadence of people sharing how much they worked -> monthly
- Improvements to drink: RFP
- Michi checks how big the contract sizes of revive are
- Figure out how to make best use of the remaining budget, everyone should think about what their target hours for the next quarter are

## Action Items

## Notes
