# Meeting on April 2, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before meeting.

### Michi
- Working on tying everything together, ink!, `cargo-contract`, `ink-docs`, new website.
- I've updated our `ink-docs` to v6.
- CI is super shaky, we have multiple Rust toolchains in there because different parts of the CI test suite run into `rustc` bugs.

### David
- Landed ["Abstractions for mapping arbitrary Rust types to Solidity ABI compatible types"](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2441)
- Mostly focusing on related follow ups (see "Related/future work" in [PR](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2441))

### Peter
- Initial exploration and research for making the contracts UI compatible with pallet-revive
  - Have initial spike of contract instantiation working with pallet-revive
- Upgraded contracts UI to a later version of Polkadot.js, also solving a deployment bug


## Agenda
- Michi: Website update
- Michi: ink! v6 audit
- Michi: I've created [an example contract](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/blob/master/integration-tests/public/debugging-strategies/lib.rs) to illustrate debugging strategies.
- Ale: preparing Q1 2025 payments.
- ink! v6.0 alpha release
- David: Discuss ABI declaration.

## Action Items from last Meeting

- Peter and Daan plan the further steps for our "how to build a frontend for an ink! contract" story.
- ✅ Michi creates + publishes `ink-node` from `use-ink/substrate-contracts-node`.
- Ale: to update ink!hub status.: Still waiting for AZ action.

## Action Items
- List use.ink! webpage into docusaurus showcase sites.
- Clarify illustration costs.
- Alejandro to update ink-examples.

## Notes
- ink!v6 docs have been updated with the latest developments! :tada: Still a few TODOs.
- New polkadot-scalability-hackathon page in the docs: https://niklasp.github.io/ink-docs/docs/v6/polkadot-scalability-hackathon
- ink! v6 audit could be potentially funded by Polkadot.
