# Meeting on June 11, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### Michi
- Catching up on everything, syncing with David, Dann, Alex, Peter. Reading up on Parity PRs to revive and new revive GitHub issues.
- Working on size comparisons of contracts with ink! ABI vs. Solidity ABI.

### David
- …

### Peter
- …

### Alejandro
- …

## Agenda
- Michi: Up for discussion – Should we default to `ink_abi = sol`?
- Michi: What is missing for the current treasury proposal to be completed? Can someone create a list of all remaining todo's? I'm up for recording a couple educational ink! 101 videos that we can put on the YouTube channel, I believe that's one of the missing things.

## Action Items from last Meeting
- ✅ List use.ink webpage into docusaurus showcase sites. ([PR](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/discussions/7826#discussioncomment-13169028)
- CI: add columns for comparisons in terms of contract size with solidity contracts.
- Reach out to Alex regarding Hub, precompiles, xcm
  - Also say that etherscan will have to use cargo contract.
- Salary payment
- Treasury strategy
- See if we can remove revive dependencies from the ink crate
- Improvements to drink: RFP

## Action Items

## Notes
