# Meeting on July 9, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### Michi
- …
  
### David
- …

### Alex
- Analytics for use.ink: https://use-ink-data.netlify.app/dashboard
- Tutorial on using frontend tooling and wallet with ink! https://github.com/use-ink/ink-docs/pull/435
- Support in developers Telegram.
  
## Agenda
- Alex: Publish a new alpha release with latest changes before next Wednesday?

## Action Items from last Meeting
- Daan: What is missing for the current treasury proposal to be completed? 
- Alex: Analytics for use.ink (https://github.com/orgs/use-ink/projects/4?pane=issue&itemId=114906078&issue=use-ink%7Cink-docs%7C417)
- Michi: CI: add columns for comparisons in terms of contract size with solidity contracts.
- Improvements to drink: RFP
- Michi looks into System pre-compile
- Michi creates GitHub issue for removing revive deps from the ink! crate
- Michi tells Oak audit can likely happen in autumn
- Alejandro takes care of enabling unstable `pallet-revive` features on Passet Hub

## Action Items
- …
  
## Notes
