# Meeting on July 23, 2025

## Updates
Please paste info below for people to read up on before the meeting.

### David
- Merged: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2543 "Abstractions for mapping Rust/ink! `Result` and error types to/from Solidity ABI error and result representations" (see also https://github.com/use-ink/ink/issues/2404)
- In review: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/issues/2462 "Provide a `Derive` macro for implementing `SolEncode` and `SolDecode` for arbitrary types"
- In review: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2552 "Improve handling of Solidity constructor return and revert data"
- Draft: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2545 "Implement `SolEncode` and `SolDecode` for `Option<T>`"
- In progress: https://github.com/use-ink/ink/issues/2533 "Emit Solidity ABI encoded events"

### Michi
- Reviewed and merged a bunch of PRs across all repos.
- Synchronized ink!, `cargo-contract` and `ink-node` against `polkadot-sdk/cb629d46ebf00aa65624013a61f9c69ebf02b0b4`.
- Released `ink-node` v0.44.
- Fixed one of the two `ink` CI tests that kept on failing ([#2547](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2547), working on fixing the other one too.
- Merged regression testing for contract sizes in the CI ([#2522](https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2522)).
- Working on support for pre-compiles.

## Agenda
- Feedback from the hackathon: https://github.com/use-ink/ink-alliance/issues/67
  - Pop CLI & cargo-contract
- Strategy pre-release phase: polishing, active community engagement (responsive to issues / PRs), getting user feedback, education resources
- How to position ink! and pop websites along side each other?
- Budget planning

## Action Items from last Meeting
- ✅ Michi: CI: add columns for comparisons in terms of contract size with solidity contracts.
- Improvements to drink: RFP
- Daan sets up a call with Parity
- Michi checks how big the contract sizes of revive are
- ❌ New alpha releases will be published after merging Davids PR (we can't do, because Parity has not yet released the Passet Hub version of `pallet-revive`)
- Figure out how to make best use of the remaining budget, everyone should think about what their target hours for the next quarter are

## Action Items
- Ale has a plan for ink! release
- Ale creates a new call to get the left over funds of ink!devhub
- Daan writes a strategy document
- We need to know everyone's availability for the upcoming quarter
- Increase the cadence of people sharing how much they worked -> monthly

### Already action items for the alliance call after
- We need a list of priorities to focus on with the team with the remaining budget.
- Appoint someone to lead the creation of the treasury proposal
- Appoint someone to go to the first upcoming Polkadot hackathon:
  - EthSofia: 24-25th September
  - EthRome: 17-19th October
  - Sub0/decoded: 13,14,15 November

## Notes
