# Meeting 5 Feb

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before meeting.

### Michi
- The `master` of ink! + `cargo-contract` is now compatible with `pallet-revive` + `polkadot-sdk` from Jan 7. See [#1910](https://github.com/use-ink/cargo-contract/pull/1910) for more details.
- I'm now working on removing the off-chain testing environment in ink! (so `#[ink::test]`.<br>
  Instead I want to put `drink` behind a nicer API. The current off-chain testing env is just a simulation of `pallet-revive`, that was never fully in line with the on-chain behavior. But `drink` actually executes the `pallet-revive` code. This will make explanations of how to test your contract also simpler.
- Subsequent tasks for me:
  - Update `ink-docs` migration guide for ink! v5 to v6
  - Follow-up on latest `pallet-revive` changes (removal of debug functionality, removal of events)
  - Work on todo comments in ink! + `cargo-contract`

### Daan
Will ensure that the ink! website upgrade bounty gets finished and announced

### Peter
- Current goal: create e2e test of Solidity calling ink!. Has proven to have more friction than expected and the Solidity contracts (compiled to PVM) are giving `InvalidInstruction` when deployed to revive.
- Secondary goal is to support ink! contracts calling contracts with different encoding types. Initial spike and architecture has been created.
- Goal deadline to complete these are Wed 19th.

## Agenda
- Effects on launch on Kusama
  - Pre-compiles have not been merged in `pallet-revive` and they are unlikely to land in Feb.
- Michi: I suggest doing a `cargo-contract` + ink! v6.0.0-alpha release after these are merged:
  - ink!: Removal off-chain testing env (Michi)
  - ink!: RLP support (Peter)
  - `cargo-contract`: Generate Solidity metadata (David)
- Audit ink! v6
- Boot strap bounties. Should we use issues, file in ink alliance repo?
- ink! website upgrade
- tutorials
  - when should we start making tutorials (should we wait for ink! v6)? 
- content
- What do we do about Contracts UI?

## Action Items

