# Meeting on Mar 19, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before meeting.

### Michi

### Peter

### David

### â€¦

## Agenda
- Michi: ðŸ“¸
- Daan + Michi: Website revamp update.
- Michi: What to do about the ink! v6 audit?
- Michi: Radha from W3F contacted us.
  * They are putting out a grant for developers to build with ink! on Westend/Kusama Asset Hub. 
  * The grant can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14zZeQxadnDH9Y7wSPi1vZTXmAa6miGJgsjNHhiz7Awc/edit?usp=sharing).
  * We can add specific use cases that we would like people to try out.
- Michi: I've created [a project board for ink! v6](https://github.com/orgs/use-ink/projects/4/views/1).

## Action Items from last Meeting

- Femi: to take care of merging PR#36, to sync with Daan.
- Ale: to update ink!hub status.
- âœ… Ale and Michi: to manage the ownership of drink! crate.
- âœ… David to complete https://github.com/use-ink/ink/pull/2411.
- David: Alpha release needs a table mapping ink! types -> Solidity types.
- âœ… David and Michi: to look into integrating `disable_target_static_asserts` feature if possible.
- âœ… Peter or Michi: to update element room settings -> TG channel to be removed in favor of element.
- Peter: to give prio to unstable ink! feature over contracts UI.

## Action Items

## Notes
