# Meeting on Feb 19, 2025

## Updates

Please paste info below for people to read up on before meeting.

### Michi
- â€¦

### Your Name

## Agenda
- Deprecate Telegram channel in favor of Element, everybody fine with it?

## Action Items from last Meeting
- Daan to prepare ink! tutorial ideas. -> https://github.com/use-ink/ink-alliance/pull/36
- Michi to talk to AZ about ink! devhub funds. -> https://forum.polkadot.network/t/the-ink-hub-initiative-update/11967
- Ale to talk to Astar and Phala about ink! devhub funds too. -> https://forum.polkadot.network/t/the-ink-hub-initiative-update/11967
- Peter to move focus into ink! contracts being able to call non scale encoded contracts.
- Peter to verify if RLP is needed for external transactions (coming from, for example, a wallet).

## Action Items

## Notes
